Update Ssh steps (#161)
EmbedITCZ/jbehave-support: jbehave-support-core/docs/Ssh.md

#### Search in specific log part:
Ssh steps mentioned above by default fetch the log from whole run of the test story.  

> Theirs behaviour can be modified by setting timestamps (it's highly recommended to set both timestamps!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Their behaviour can be modified by setting timestamps (it's highly recommended to set both timestamps for performance reasons/caching!)
```

```

> Given log read start timestamp is set to now

Reviewer: The wording seems kinda weird, but cant think of a better one right now 🙂

Author: Me neider :(

Reviewer: new day, new ideas 🙂  what about something like "Given current time is set as a log start timestamp" or something similar? still not great though

Author: I like this idea :)

> Given current time is set as a log start timestamp

Reviewer: How about something like:

```
Given log start timestamp is set to current time
Given log start timestamp is set to [NCAKO_1]
Given current time is saved as log timestamp [NCAKO_1] 
```

Author: Updated

Given log read end timestamp is set to now
```

> Or saving timestamps to context and settings them later (if you want to check more separate parts of logs at the end of story)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or saving timestamps to context and setting them later (if you want to check more separate parts of logs at the end of story)
```
